>> Woodruff: AS UNITED NATIONS'
INSPECTORS RETURNED TO THE SITE
OF LAST WEEK'S ALLEGED CHEMICAL
WEAPONS ATTACK IN SYRIA, DEBATE
HEATED UP TODAY OVER POSSIBLE
MILITARY ACTION.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Brown: AND I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
ON THE "NEWSHOUR" TONIGHT:
BRITAIN'S PRIME MINISTER
SIGNALED HIS COUNTRY WOULD WAIT
FOR THE U.N.'S FINDINGS BEFORE
JOINING ANY ATTACK.
WE EXPLORE THE EVIDENCE BEING
GATHERED THAT COULD LEAD TO A
STRIKE.
>> Woodruff: THEN, THE I.R.S.
ANNOUNCED IT WILL RECOGNIZE ALL
LEGALLY MARRIED SAME-SEX
COUPLES, REGARDLESS OF WHAT
STATE THEY LIVE IN.
WE EXAMINE THE IMPACT OF THIS
SHIFT IN FEDERAL TAX LAW.
>> Brown: THE N.F.L. AGREED TO
PAY $765 MILLION TO FORMER
PLAYERS FOR CONCUSSION-RELATED
BRAIN INJURIES.
WE GET THE DETAILS OF THE
PROPOSED SETTLEMENT.
>> Woodruff: IT'S BACK TO SCHOOL
TIME, BUT A NUMBER OF
COMMUNITIES FACE CLASSROOMS THAT
ARE FAILING THEIR STUDENTS.
WE HAVE A REPORT ON THE
IMPORTANT ROLE PRINCIPALS PLAY
EDINUCATION REFORM.
>> Brown: AND WE CONTINUE OUR
LOOK AT THE LEGACY OF THE MARCH
ON WASHINGTON 50 YEARS ON.
TONIGHT, REFLECTIONS ON THE
CHALLENGES AHEAD FOR MARTIN
LUTHER KING'S VISION FOR A
MULTI-RACIAL DEMOCRACY.
>> 40% OF WHIT DONES'T HAVE
FRIENDS OUTSIDE OF THEIR OWN
ACE.R
SO IN SOME WAYS WE'RE STILL AS
SEGREGATED AS WE WERE 50 YEARS
AGO AND I THINK THAT KING WOULD
BE VERY CONCERNED ABOUT THAT.
>> Woodruff: THAT'S ALL AHEAD ON
TONIGHT'S "NEWSHOUR."